Orient user to 3 areas of docs site - subsequent PRs will do the same… (#1312)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra: docs/content/en/_index.md

* API services (Stargate)
* Management services (cass-operator)
* Data backup and restore services (Medusa)
* Data repair services (Reaper)
* ServiceMonitor custom resources complete with metric labeling
* Metrics Collector for Apache Cassandra
* Management API for Apache Cassandra

And while the initial K8ssandra project features (currently, v1.4.1) are still available, we encourage you to check out K8ssandra Operator. 

## How is this documentation site organized?

We've organized this docs site into three areas:

* [docs.k8ssandra.io](https://docs-staging.k8ssandra.io) provides topics that are of interest to users of K8ssandra Operator and K8ssandra, such as FAQs, Release Notes, and a Glossary.
* [docs-v1.k8ssandra.io](https://docs-staging-v1.k8ssandra.io) provides topics that are specific to K8ssandra 1.4.x users (the initial project releases).
* [docs-v2.k8ssandra.io](https://docs-staging-v2.k8ssandra.io) provides topics that are specific to the more recent (and recommended) K8ssandra Operator software.

## What is K8ssandra Operator?

> K8ssandra Operator is a cloud native distribution of Cassandra that is designed to run on Kubernetes. Accompanying Cassandra is a suite of tools to ease and automate operational tasks. This includes metrics, data anti-entropy services, and backup tooling. As part of the K8ssandraCluster installation process, which uses the new K8ssandra Operator, all of these components are installed and wired together. This unified operator frees your teams from having to perform the tedious Kubernetes plumbing of components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
K8ssandra Operator is a native Kubernetes operator that supports the deployment and operation of Cassandra that is designed to run on Kubernetes. Accompanying Cassandra is a suite of tools to ease and automate operational tasks. This includes metrics, data anti-entropy services, and backup tooling. As part of the K8ssandraCluster installation process, which uses the new K8ssandra Operator, all of these components are installed and wired together. This unified operator frees your teams from having to perform the tedious Kubernetes plumbing of components.
```

Reviewer: A slight change of wording from what "K8ssandra" was I think is necessary here if we want to say what "K8ssandra Operator" is and not the project as a whole.

K8ssandra Operator is the most recent implementation that allows you to deploy Cassandra into multi-cluster and multi-region Kubernetes environments.

## Why do I want K8ssandra Operator?

Apache Cassandra is _the_ NoSQL database for applications that require resilience and scalability. Unfortunately this comes with the same burdens as other distributed systems. There are multiple nodes replicating data all the time. Understanding the health of these systems requires advanced tooling and knowledge of the constituent parts. Users could spend time investigating and building out solutions to ensure operational stability of their Cassandra clusters. K8ssandra Operator looks to provide those integrations from the start in a simple easy to deploy package.

## What is K8ssandra Operator good for?

K8ssandra Operator is a great fit for developers and Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) looking for easy to install and manage Cassandra clusters. Even if your environment currently does not run Cassandra on Kubernetes, we believe that simple installation and upkeep will win you over. 

## Next steps

> * If you want to deploy K8ssandra Operator and explore single- and multi-cluster deployment examples, start in its local dev (kind) install topic on the [docs-v2](https://docs-staging-v2.k8ssandra.io/install/local/) area of our site.

Reviewer: I see what you were saying about replacing links... this is going to be annoying going from one version of the docs to another.  I guess after this initial push it will stabilize and be easier, sorry about that!
